Added contributor guide for docs (#14443)
ansible/awx: docs/docsite/rst/contributor/setting_up.rst

Setting up your development environment
========================================

> The AWX docs is developed using the python toolchain. The contents itself is authored in ReStructuredText (rst) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWX docs are developed using the Python toolchain. The content itself is authored in ReStructuredText (rst).
```
